---
layout:     post
title:      "Moon watching on the Edge"
subtitle:   "Magical moments one summer's evening"
date:       2016-08-26 12:00:00
author:     "Jo Turner"
header-img: "img/moonwatching.jpg"
---
For any of you that have read Cards from the Edge, you will know I love the moon. Last night, I was lucky enough to see the moon set right in the centre of the mountain col across the loch. I was a bit late with the camera, so tonight, I thought I’d get ahead of the game and got the camera all set up with the tripod, I had a candle to deter the midges (that didn’t work by the way!) and feeling smug, I sat to watch the moon get into position. However, it was not long before I realized that the opportunity had been missed, helped by my husband’s good math that the trajectory of the moon would leave it setting much further along the mountain than last night. Of course, many of you may have known this, and although I know the moon would shift each night, I still thought that I’d get the photo opportunity I had hoped for.   

A bit like all the best-laid plans, things in life alter at a moments notice and we find ourselves on a slightly different path than the one anticipated. So sitting here, writing about this I yet again realize that the present moment is all we have. Although, tonight didn’t turn out quite as planned, I still had great fun, playing with the camera settings and watching the speed at which the moon set. I was mesmerized by the detail on the moon I could see with the binoculars, I was not mesmerized nor amused by the midges that insisted in not only keeping me company, but also insisted on making a meal of me, literally! 

In fact, as I sit here typing with the glow of the sunset still in the sky (and it’s after midnight), I am clapping my hands together, trying to remove the last few defiant little midges that have managed to come indoors with me. There are many, many joys of living in the Highlands, but midges are not one of them. I smile as I write this as midges do come with the territory here. It keeps the crowds away for one thing and keeps us on our toes as the evenings draw out. We rejoice in simple things, like a sea breeze to keep them away, and ensure if the air is still, to get all the outdoor jobs completed before the ‘midging’ hour descends. 

Like midges, life can be irritating sometimes, but somehow we put up with both the midges and life’s ups and downs. They may both leave a mark on us, but soon this fades and we continue on our journey, with the irritation lessening as time moves on. I used to cringe when people said time is a great healer, but it really is and as time moves on, I find more and more to be grateful for in between the irritations. If life is full of midges at the moment, I hope that the sea breeze returns soon and they disappear as quickly as they arrived! So peace will reign again…with gratitude for a midge free evening ☺
